doc: Add template for ecosystem integration guide (#9222)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/templates/Ecosystem_integration_template_README.rst

   * Give the title that starts with the tool or service (third-party) name with "integration" as a suffix, for example, "Memfault integration".
   * Put the documentation inside the :file:`nrf/doc/nrf` folder.
   * Add the file name in the toctree of the :file:`ext_comps` RST file.
   * Sections with * are optional and can be left out.
     All other sections are required.
     Do not add new sections (unless in the sections that allow for further subsections) without discussion with the tech writer team.

.. tip::
   Provide the tool or service (third-party) in one to two sentences max (full sentences, not sentence fragments), so that the user gets a clear idea of what the tool or service (third-party) does.

Partner overview*
*****************

.. note::
   Provide an explanation of the tool or service (third-party).
   This is optional if the tool or service (third-party) is described above.

Solution architecture
*********************

.. note::
   * Give a short description of :term:`Development Kit (DK)` and |NCS| interaction with the tool or service (third-party) and the key elements, for example, connectivity and onboarding.

>    * You can include a diagram showing how the DK and |NCS| interact with the tool or service (third-party) and the key elements.
>      This is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * You can include a diagram showing the interaction.
     This is optional.
```

> Prerequisites

Reviewer: I think we could move this under Integration overview.

> Before you start the |NCS| integration with AVSystem's Coiote IoT Device Management, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:

Author: I would prefer to keep it as is because I think there can be scenarios where the prerequisites are already set up (for example, an existing user would have completed the NCS installation).

.. note::

>    * Provide prerequisites that must be setup before integrating with the tool or service (third-party).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Provide prerequisites that must be completed before the integration with the tool or service.
```

>    * Mention any other tool or service (third-party) integration that needs to be setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Mention any other tool or service integration that needs to be completed.
```

> 
> Before you start the |NCS| integration with AVSystem's Coiote IoT Device Management, make sure that the following are setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example:
Before you start the |NCS| integration with AVSystem's Coiote IoT Device Management, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:
```

Author: In the other templates, the examples are directly written without the "Following is an example:" statement.
I would keep it as is for consistency's sake.

>    * The :ref:`nRF Connect SDK <getting_started>` environment such that you are able to program an application or sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  :ref:`Setup of nRF Connect SDK <getting_started>` environment.
```

>    * The :ref:`nRF9160 <ug_nrf91>` DK connected to your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :ref:` Setup of nRF9160 DK <ug_nrf9160_gs>` .
```

>    * nRF Cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Creation of an nRF Cloud account.
   * Programming the relevant sample or application.
```

Integration overview
********************

.. note::

>    * Explain how the integration of |NCS| with the tool or service (third-party) works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Explain in more detail how the integration of |NCS| with the tool or service works.
```

   * Try to explain the integration in steps.
     If possible, divide it into sections and provide a brief explanation in the overview with steps.
     For an example, see the :ref:`ug_integrating_fast_pair` section of the :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair` documentation.

.. tip::
   * You can list the configuration that must be enabled for the integration to work (if applicable).
   * You can add information about overlay configuration files and how they are specified in the build system to enable specific features (if applicable).

>      The following console shows an example of memfault integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Following is an example for the overlay details for memfault integration:
```

     .. code-block:: console

        west build -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-memfault.conf

Some title*
===========

.. note::

>    Add subsections for technical details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Add optional subsections for technical details.
```

>    Give them a suitable title (sentence style capitalization, thus only the first word capitalized).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Give suitable titles (sentence style capitalization, thus only the first word capitalized).
```

   If there is nothing important to point out, do not include any subsections.

>    This is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Applications and Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications and samples
```

Applications and samples
************************

.. note::
   Add the details about applications and samples that use or implement the tool or service.

The following application uses the Memfault integration in |NCS|:

* :ref:`asset_tracker_v2`

> The following sample demonstrates the Memfault integration in |NCS|:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following samples demonstrate the Memfault integration in |NCS|:
```

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service`

> |NCS| library support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Library support
```

Library support
***************

.. note::
   * Add details about libraries that support the tool or service.
   * If there is no documentation for libraries, include the path.

Required scripts*
*****************

.. note::
   * Add details about scripts that are required for the tool or service integration.
   * If there is no documentation for scripts, include the path.

References*
***********

.. note::

>    Provide a link to any other documentation for the user to get more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Provide a link to other relevant documentation for more information.
```

Terms and licensing*
********************

.. note::

>    * Describe how Nordic Semiconductor deals with the tool or service (third-party).
>    * What is available to Nordic Semiconductor customers for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Describe licensing aspects of the tool or service (third-party) and provide information on what is available to Nordic Semiconductor customers for development.
```

   * Refer to the third-party documentation or contact points.
   * This is optional.

Dependencies*
*************

.. note::
   * Use this section to list all dependencies, like other tool or service (third-party) references, certification requirements (if applicable).
   * Do not duplicate the dependencies that have been mentioned in other sections.
   * If possible, link to the respective dependencies.

>      If there is no documentation for the dependencies, include the path.

Reviewer: Could be moved under library support
```suggestion
 ```

     Do not add new sections (unless in the sections that allow for further subsections) without discussion with the tech writer team.

.. tip::
   Provide the tool or service in one to two sentences max (full sentences, not sentence fragments), so that the user gets a clear idea of what the tool or service does.

Partner overview*
*****************

.. note::
   Provide an explanation of the tool or service.
   This is optional if the tool or service is described above.

Solution architecture
*********************

.. note::
   * Give a short description of :term:`Development Kit (DK)` and |NCS| interaction with the tool or service and the key elements, for example, connectivity and onboarding.
   * You can include a diagram showing the interaction.
     This is optional.

Integration overview
********************

.. note::
   * Explain in more detail how the integration of |NCS| with the tool or service works.
   * Try to explain the integration in steps.
     If possible, divide it into sections and provide a brief explanation in the overview with steps.
     For an example, see the :ref:`ug_integrating_fast_pair` section of the :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair` documentation.

.. tip::

>    * You can list the configuration that must be enabled for the integration to work (if applicable).
>    * You can add information about overlay configuration files and how they are specified in the build system to enable specific features (if applicable).
>      Following is an example for the overlay details for memfault integration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * You can list the configuration that must be enabled for the integration to work (if applicable).
   * You can add information about overlay configuration files and how they are specified in the build system to enable specific features (if applicable).
     Following is an example for the overlay details for Memfault integration:
```

     .. code-block:: console

        west build -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-memfault.conf

Prerequisites
=============

.. note::
   * Provide prerequisites that must be completed before the integration with the tool or service.
   * Mention any other tool or service integration that needs to be completed.

> Before you start the |NCS| integration with AVSystem's Coiote IoT Device Management, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:

Reviewer 2: It's a suggestion, feel free to disagree.
```suggestion
Before you start the |NCS| integration with AVSystem's Coiote IoT Device Management, complete the following prerequisites:
```

   * :ref:`Setup of nRF Connect SDK <getting_started>` environment.
   * :ref:`Setup of nRF9160 DK <ug_nrf9160_gs>`.
   * Creation of an nRF Cloud account.
   * Programming the relevant sample or application.

Some title*
===========

.. note::
   Add optional subsections for technical details.
   Give suitable titles (sentence style capitalization, thus only the first word capitalized).
   If there is nothing important to point out, do not include any subsections.

Applications and samples
************************

.. note::
   Add the details about applications and samples that use or implement the tool or service.

The following application uses the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` for services in |NCS|:

* :ref:`asset_tracker_v2`

The following sample demonstrates nRF Cloud-specific functionality:

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service`

Library support
***************

.. note::

>    * Add the details about libraries that support the tool or service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Add details about libraries that support the tool or service.
```

   * If there is no documentation for libraries, include the path.

Required scripts*
*****************

.. note::
   * Add details about scripts that are required for the tool or service integration.
   * If there is no documentation for scripts, include the path.

References*
***********

.. note::
   Provide a link to any other documentation for the user to get more information.

>    This is optional.

Reviewer 2: Should we remove line 112 and 123 to be consistent?

Author: I have added this sentence in other places also.

.. tip::
   Do not duplicate links that have been mentioned in other sections before.

Terms and licensing*
********************

.. note::

>    * Describe licensing aspects of the tool or service and provide information on what is available to Nordic Semiconductor customers for development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Describe licensing aspects of the tool or service and provide information on what is available to the users for development.
```

Author: I would keep it as is because here we are talking about the license specifically for Nordic Semiconductor customers.

.. _Ecosystem_integration:

Template: Ecosystem integration
###############################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::
   Provide a short introductory description of the tool or service (third-party), indicating the value it brings to |NCS|.
   Refer to the following instructions to create the description:

>    * Give the title that starts with the tool or service name with "integration" as a suffix, for example, "Memfault integration".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Provide a title that starts with the tool or service name with "integration" as a suffix, for example, "Memfault integration".
```

   * Place the documentation inside the :file:`nrf/doc/nrf` folder.

>    * Add the file name in the toctree of the :file:`ext_comps` RST file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Add the file name in the ToC tree of the :file:`ext_comps` RST file.
```

Author: Updated as ``.. toctree:`` to be consistent with other documents - https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/mesh_model_main_README.html#bt-mesh-model-main-template

.. tip::
   Describe the tool or service in one or two sentences maximum (full sentences, not sentence fragments), so that the user gets a clear idea of what the tool or service does.
   This introduction must be concise and clear, highlighting the features of the tool or service that it brings to |NCS|.

Partner overview*
*****************

.. note::
   Provide an explanation of the tool or service.
   This is optional if the tool or service is described above.

Prerequisites
*************

.. note::
   * Provide prerequisites that must be completed before the integration with the tool or service.
   * Mention any other tool or service integration that needs to be completed.

Before you start the |NCS| integration with AVSystem's Coiote IoT Device Management, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:

   * :ref:`Setup of nRF Connect SDK <getting_started>` environment.
   * :ref:`Setup of nRF9160 DK <ug_nrf9160_gs>`.
   * :ref:`Create an nRF Cloud account <creating_cloud_account>`.
   * Create an `AVSystem's Coiote Device Management <Coiote Device Management server_>`_ account.

Solution architecture
*********************

.. note::

>    * Give a short description of :term:`Development Kit (DK)` and |NCS| interaction with the tool or service and the key elements, for example, connectivity and onboarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Provide a short description of :term:`Development Kit (DK)` and |NCS| interaction with the tool or service and the key elements, for example, connectivity and onboarding.
```

   * You can include a diagram showing the interaction.

>      This can be optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This is optional.
```
